the screening
we need to take a dazzling measure
just wash off the part and that way
we are going to multiply by two the ones of
lunchbox will be zero
Let's do something similar to a
rectangle angle later we go
increase
centering the first part two
inches of shoulder and two months
to measure dolls branches to expand
everything and sleeve and in this case 11 centimeters
by day 11 a small curve that will not
allow to integrate of clay to see its
sister in triangle shape brother in
Athens
we are looking for a corner
and we take in the measure of tone and stumbles
from London to a washing aggregating
three or four centimeters
this measure we will delay athena
we gained from the blur and later
we started rolling and marking the triangle
what is the result this result keeps
a triangle and once the center in
sent bullet to be a cut of
approximately another centimeter
in vertex so that this is the vertex of
wool on the head it would be clay
respond to a script so please understand
two sleeves
the robe he mantles and he kisses